hello friends from crazy road barcelona
welcome to a new video in which
let's talk about this helmet to see you
what
it's a modular helmet
this one in particular has about 6 months of
use you already know that we like
try the products and not only
unpack them and talk about them
It has a weight of one thousand five hundred
fifty grams which may seem
heavy but we have to take into account
which is a modular modular two by
general rule weigh more with integral
we could both say that the weight of
this helmet is in the middle
is to say that we are logado as much as
integral as jetta type has the double
homologation
the simple hitch is typical of
strip hook
the ventilation of this helmet is one of
the points to improve in my opinion has
these front sockets that are fixed
and then up has a little eyelash
what it does is open to close these
conduits
in theory it channels in the air through
of the helmet and the ventilated I sincerely
do not
I do not think so why
in winter unless you have the pil
doc gets blurred quite easily
our street of xavi will be
the curious way with the ripple
in the middle that matches the part of the
shell to open opens from the
half get used
and very important it comes with
pre-installation of pin with installation
of the pin and with the own good the gentlemen
helmet manufacturers all would have to
come with the series painter
to disassemble the visor here we see that
have
let's just align it
has a little arrow here
the date of the visor another little arrow in
the side of the helmet then you will see
aligned and lift this tab and so
will be
it's very simple you really should use
this system
besides the conventional visor has
A solar visor is operated from here
it's a bit tricky up and running sometimes
latina
and here we found a little complicated
but good
here is the visor
this visor I think it has no
anti-fog treatment I do not know but
the truth is that it is unlike the
conventional visor that takes seeing that
you do not get fogged up if you stand in a
semaphore has quite easily
tarnish I know
a point also to improve
as for the interior to access it
open the helmet to open it
you have to lower the visor hand there are some
that you already have for example like this
you start uploading it and it just goes down
you have to download it by pressing this button
and the helmet gets up
inside
a button
regrettable
to wash easily and has a
pre-installation of bluetooth
inside we see the gap there
the microphone
and as for the
to the top
if we want to circulate with it open
which I personally do not recommend
but good there is to each one we have this
eyelash
if we lower it
is blocked
so that although we have a hole or
anything not
we are not going to go down sometimes there are some
modular helmets that if it 's a bump is
a little white and low tap
we are not going to put this in the
position that touches
yes
the helmet goes down again
and nothing in terms of security
has five stars on the page
shark something to keep in mind and be
rest assured that in case of accident
that we hope not
this helmet will offer us the maximum
protection
and nothing last the score that you
we have given since you think of robots over
all taking into account its price that is
about 150 to 160 euros is 18
and nothing you already know that if you want to see more
review like this can visit us at
www crazy
bcn dotcom or on our iad channel
from YouTube
I hope you liked the video and
that it has been helpful if you want
buy this helmet